---
layout: post
title: "Welcome note!"
date: 2020-02-03
comments: true
#category: Econ 
tags: [Notes, Econ]
#output: html_document
---

Hi, welcome to my first ever post. My name is Vanlik(or in Japanese リク). Writing has never been my top priority in my daily activity despite of its importance. So by setting up a space to writing more on this blog, I hope to improve the skill to the point of satisfaction.[^1]

[^1]: I usually handwrite all my notes (Like this [one](https://drive.google.com/file/d/13H_1X5MR2p4hoSaOnkcxW446eN044wbd/view)). This is a note I wrote back in 2018 as a draft of my reserach idea on the analysis of incentive to collude on ride-hailing platform.

As stated in my bio, I am majoring in Economics, in industrial organization or IO specifically. In IO, we use often use tools like [game theory](https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/game-theory/) to analyze market power and firm's strategic behaviors in the market. Given that we have now can get hand on enormous amount of firm data, the field of empirical IO has emerged to a more rigorous level, enabling us to apply quantitative tasks using econometrics. I will try to write about any IO papers ( or econ paper in general) that I have come across. 

On this blog, you would expect to see my writing on variety of topics including history, culture, philosophy, science, etc. This does not necessarily mean that I'm the expert. Rather, I would make reference from scientific reserach papers which are mainly the quests with regards to such topics that I have touched. So all constructive comments and discussion are more than welcome in the sole purpose of attaining knowledge. 

Enjoy the ride!!!

--------------------------------------------------------




